{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1254\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
For the sake of our algorithm, we firstly filter the candidate answers, and then implement the search algorithm between the filtered candidate answers. To filter the candidate answers, we determine the rank for each candidate according to the number of intersections of this candidate with other candidate answers. For example, if the candidate answer \'93Saudi\'94 matches with other candidates twice, its ranking is 2. Since the same candidate answers, sometimes, appear twice in a candidate list coming from different sources, they are combined together under the so-called \'91Intersected\'92 source. After that, the ranking for each candidate is completed. Subsequently, we find the best three ranking values for each clue and filter the candidates that match with these best three ranking values. 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f0\fs32 \cb3 For our search algorithm, we take the filtered candidate answers as input. Then, the number of occurrences of letters for each blank in the grid is calculated. After that, we ranked the candidate answers according to this calculation. For example, if the blank u in \'93aura\'94 has a value of 3 because of u appearing from other candidates a third time, the value of aura is updated with 3. Therefore, our heuristic information is based on the number of letters in the blanks. Calculating the ranking value for each candidate, the worst candidates that have a lower ranking value than others in the candidate list are deleted. This implementation continues until the number of candidate answers for each clue drops to one. 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
}